another signing that has been confirmed
during these days friends is the French
morgan de berlin is already a new player
manchester united the midfielder the
former midfielder in this case the
southampton with whom he played a total of
253 games since its arrival in the year
2008 from the French Strasbourg
he has signed for four seasons
I also wanted to talk friends of kings the
real society has also made another
quite interesting signing in this
case the Mexican diego kings that arrives
as loaned for this upcoming season
after reaching an agreement with the
port from where it proceeds then where
has played the last seasons on
agreement does not include purchase option
that the Mexican international then
plays as a defense in this central case
although it has also acted as a means
of contention is 22 years old is super
young and has been Mexican international
in all categories this guy
it also promises a lot and good
worth a penalty that you do not have the option to
buy but we'll see in the league
Spanish and see how you can do it
how can you unwrap by friends
well now that to speak of vidal what
get
if I made with the bayern of Munich
vidal friends who can leave the
juventus I think it has almost done
and we could take for a fact that signing
for the bayern of Munich there will be good
confirmed the sports director of the
juventus who has said that the
conversations are very advanced is
well the juventus in theory does not have
intention to sell to vidal but the
millionaire offer in this case the
Bayern Munich
It was too tempting for the
leaders of the juventus then it
you are talking about 40 million
our more variable euros and a
annual salary of 12 million to the player
it's a very, very good offer both
for the juventus as for the player
so if you have it already practically
done and almost closed not to say it has
closed now I want to talk about
dell
who has signed him to Manchester City
vale is a regular of the selection
english and it's a good memory for the
midfield of manchester city friends
dress number 18 and already has the
approval of its new technical
pellegrini has done a great role in
these last seasons in the aston
vila and is one of the young
brightest midfielders of the
premier league so delphi
sign up for a big club and let's see
how can this game unfold
another signing from which I wanted to talk to you
Friends is the cup by juventus
this guy gave me 187 friends but he has a
power and a huge class to me by
at least I quite like the juventus
for 18 million euros that are going to
do I think that in three installments it's going
make the payment in three installments in three
seasons so for the almost 20
million euros a great striker
level
worth and the contract highlighted the juventus
is for five years worth so the
club bianconero then even in this way
to a player with a big present and a
greatest future to play
that can go to 31 games with that
in which he scored 11 goals as well as
he also played three more games
with the selection of calera in which
scored a goal so I think cup
is a good reinforcement for the
youth and finally friends wanted
tell you about kiko box that has been
confirmed very recently as new
real Madrid player the goalkeeper who
will sign for five seasons tab for
the real madrid
I think it's wrong if I can already
to do very well the real madrid friends is
one of the best goalkeepers in the league
Spanish between 28 years went through the real
madrid already a long time ago and
then in Spanish it has been a piece
key so I think team box
is ready to be the goalkeeper
Real Madrid together with nothing else
signing that has been confirmed friends is
that of cop al málaga from
cagliari
Croatian good because we will not have to
see how it is and another friend sign
quite interesting the pezzella the
river plate at betis
let's see how it goes how the
Argentine to Betis and good friends
here you have another signing that has been
recently confirmed the touch that
leaves after several seasons in
the athletic club bilbao leaves the
team and signature by Alava is in
second division so let's go to
see touches or a front player with
a lot of experience that can do it
these super good does not go into an edition
has a lot of experience has played a
lots of seasons at first and what's
to do really well is going to contribute
goals and will therefore contribute its quality and
there is a signing of bigas palms
from the highest when the highest
booths so nothing friends me
I send a greeting to all and see you in
the next chapter until next time
changes